Update the first page of the Clustering section (#1747)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/index.adoc

** xref:clustering/monitoring/show-databases-monitoring.adoc[Monitor databases] -- The tools available for monitoring the databases in a cluster.
** xref:clustering/monitoring/endpoints.adoc[Monitor cluster endpoints for status information] -- The endpoints and semantics of endpoints used to monitor the health of the cluster.
* xref:clustering/disaster-recovery.adoc[Disaster recovery] -- How to recover a cluster in the event of a disaster.
* xref:clustering/settings.adoc[Settings reference] -- A summary of the most important cluster settings.
* xref:clustering/server-syntax.adoc[Server commands reference] -- Reference of Cypher administrative commands to add and manage servers.
* xref:clustering/clustering-advanced/index.adoc[Advanced clustering] -- Some more advanced features of Neo4j clusters.
** xref:clustering/clustering-advanced/default-database.adoc[Default database in a cluster] -- The initial default database created when the DBMS starts for the first time.
** xref:clustering/clustering-advanced/multi-data-center-routing.adoc[Multi-data center routing] -- Clusters on mutli-data centers.

> ** xref:clustering/clustering-advanced/reconciler.adoc[Reconciler] -- An internal component which observes the requested state of a server and makes changes to the server to match that state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** xref:clustering/clustering-advanced/reconciler.adoc[Reconciler] -- An internal component that observes the requested state of a server and makes changes to the server to match that state. 
```

> * xref:clustering/glossary.adoc[Clustering glossary] -- A glossary of terms used in the clustering documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:clustering/glossary.adoc[Clustering glossary] -- A glossary of terms related to the Neo4j clustering.
```
